Nate? Okay, where are you?
Okay, I'm on my way.
That was my father's assistant.
He disappeared right after my dad's death,
but he just said he has information for me.
You're gonna go find him? I mean, you can't.
It's okay. I have Liam. I'll be okay.
Daniel, Rodney's assistant just called Emma
and told her he would tell her what happened that night,
and now she's on her way to go find him.
I can do it myself.
I'm like temporarily blind.
Oh!
Are you okay?
Yeah, all right.
What are you doing?
I'm gonna fasten your seatbelt.
Are you acting so nervous? It's not like I'm into you
or anything with this Vanderbilt.
Right, sorry.
All right, go check it out first.
Stay in the car.